Fix: regression on timer mode card (#234)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-npm: Changelog.md

### Fixed

-   Loading of JSON configuration files for nPM2100.

> -   `Timer` card in `System Features` now reflects user setting changes.

Reviewer: Don't put UI names in code ticks...
```suggestion
-   Issue with applying user setting changes on the Timer card in the System Features tab.
```
